README.md, before:

# Personal Portfolio

## Description

This portfoli show cases, skills and experience of Sanket Panchal

I wanted to create a web page that show cases my skills to potential employers. I have build this webpage using HTML and CSS only. This webpage would make it easy for me to show case my portfolio. I learned how to create a simple webpage from scrach by doing this project.
- What was your motivation?
- Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.")
- What problem does it solve?
- What did you learn?

## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Demo](#Demo)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

There are not need to install anything. The webpage is going to be web hosted.

## Demo

Click on this link to visit the webpage

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lernantino/badmath)

Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

## Features

If your project has a lot of features, list them here.

## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here.

Commit message:

Created header of the website and updated read me

README.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio

## Description

This portfoli show cases, skills and experience of Sanket Panchal

I wanted to create a web page that show cases my skills to potential employers. I have build this webpage using HTML and CSS only. This webpage would make it easy for me to show case my portfolio. I learned how to create a simple webpage from scrach by doing this project.
- What was your motivation?
- Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.")
- What problem does it solve?
- What did you learn?

## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Demo](#Demo)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

There are not need to install anything. The webpage is going to be web hosted.

## Demo

Click on this link to visit the webpage

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```

## Credits

TBD

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2022] [Sanket Panchal]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.
## Features

- Up to date information about Sanket Panchal
- New projects are being added every week
- Contact information for business inquieries

## How to Contribute

Create a seperate feature branch and create pull request.
